<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN“
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<!--Francois Smith u21649988-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>Activity Poems</title>
		<style type="text/css">
			@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=IBM+Plex+Serif&display=swap');
			body{
				width: 700px;
				height: 1085px;
				font-family: 'IBM Plex Serif', serif;
				overflow-x: hidden;
			}

			#APSTM{
				font-size: 50px;
			}
			.APIA{
				margin-top: -15px;
			}

			.API{
				padding-bottom: 50px;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div title="Activity Poems" epub:type="chapter" id="APS">
			<h1 id="APSTM">Actvity Poems</h1>
			<div class="API">
				<h3 class="APIT">The Application</h3>
				<h4 class="APIA">By Kit Schluter</h4>
				<p class="APIC">
					The object of my application was to gain access to a plane of language honest yet completely discursive. Like a procedural work, it was meant to provide me a strict framework to liberate me from my intuition and habits, gracefully stultifying the products of my free-range creativity with its stringent demands.
					The application taught me of economy : I desired a new, terser voice. I filled it out, again and again, as nothing more than a literary exercise. As it restructured the interests and aims of my writing, and then my very manner of speech, I admired its austerity.
					The application taught me English. It forced me, in fact, to learn English all over again. Its questions served as a model for the English I hoped eventually to speak.
					But when they offered me a job, I knew I had done something wrong. I looked back and wished I could read the application for the first time again, repeatedly, one time after another, applying alive and in death, a virgin applicant filling out its form for the first time, forever, and ever. And when I heard myself say yes to their offer—O god, only now can I see the irrevocability of my mistake . . .
					Don’t talk to me.
					This would be easier were I made of glass.
				</p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>