<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN“
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<!--Francois Smith u21649988-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>Relationship Poems</title>
		<style type="text/css">
			@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=IBM+Plex+Serif&display=swap');
			body{
				width: 700px;
				height: 1085px;
				font-family: 'IBM Plex Serif', serif;
				overflow-x: hidden;
			}

			#RPSTM{
				font-size: 50px;
			}
			.RPIA{
				margin-top: -15px;
			}

			.RPI{
				padding-bottom: 50px;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div title="Relationship Poems" epub:type="chapter" id="RPS">
			<h2 id="RPSTM">Relationship Poems</h2>
			<div class="RPI">
				<h3 class="RPIT">Full Fathom Five</h3>
				<h4 class="RPIA">By Sylvia Plath</h4>
				<p class="RPIC">
					Old man, you surface seldom.
					Then you come in with the tide’s coming
					When seas wash cold, foam-

					Capped: white hair, white beard, far-flung,
					A dragnet, rising, falling, as waves
					Crest and trough. Miles long

					Extend the radial sheaves
					Of your spread hair, in which wrinkling skeins
					Knotted, caught, survives

					The old myth of origins
					Unimaginable. You float near
					As keeled ice-mountains

					Of the north, to be steered clear
					Of, not fathomed. All obscurity
					Starts with a danger:

					Your dangers are many. I
					Cannot look much but your form suffers
					Some strange injury

					And seems to die: so vapors
					Ravel to clearness on the dawn sea.
					The muddy rumors

					Of your burial move me
					To half-believe: your reappearance
					Proves rumors shallow,

					For the archaic trenched lines
					Of your grained face shed time in runnels:
					Ages beat like rains

					On the unbeaten channels
					Of the ocean. Such sage humor and
					Durance are whirlpools

					To make away with the ground-
					Work of the earth and the sky’s ridgepole.
					Waist down, you may wind

					One labyrinthine tangle
					To root deep among knuckles, shin-
								bones,
					Skulls. Inscrutable,

					Below shoulders not once
					Seen by any man who kept his head,
					You defy questions;

					You defy godhood.
					I walk dry on your kingdom’s border
					Exiled to no good.

					Your shelled bed I remember.
					Father, this thick air is murderous.
					I would breathe water.
				</p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>