<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN“
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<!--Francois Smith u21649988-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>Sorrow Poems</title>
		<style type="text/css">
			@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=IBM+Plex+Serif&display=swap');
			body{
				width: 700px;
				height: 1085px;
				font-family: 'IBM Plex Serif', serif;
				overflow-x: hidden;
			}

			#SPSTM{
				font-size: 50px;
			}
			.SPIA{
				margin-top: -15px;
			}

			.SPI{
				padding-bottom: 100px;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div title="Sorrow Poems" epub:type="chapter" id="SPS">
			<h2 id="SPSTM">Sorrow Poems</h2>
			<div class="SPI">
				<h3 class="SPIT">Punctuations & Wind</h3>
				<h4 class="SPIA">By Tess Taylor</h4>
				<p class="SPIC">
					Then once again someone is shot
					at a school   by a sniper   by police   in a movie theater
					& the many homeless
					
					are hustled & hunted.
									You read how your clothes are sewn by slaves
					your dinner fished by slaves
					
					your fruit picked by starving children.
									Mostly you don't get away.
					Mostly you raise the children you have,
					
									afraid of no health care, of losing
									the one goodish job you've finally got.
									Mostly you keep your nose to the grindstone.
					
					Your heart flails
									a thick fish in your throat.
					You have a felt for a long time that someone is watching:
					
					The administration is eroding your benefits.
									But you are lucky, so you try to feel lucky.
					By the numbers you have always lived
					
					in an apartheid state.
									You look at your child.
					Read reports of the tear gas.
					
					Text a friend. Cry at night.
									Some days you march when people are marching
					some batter windows                     some are hit
					things are cancelled:
																				The year has been dry
					even small rain will lead to mudslides.
					
					Some nights you wake only to feel
									yourself for a few minutes grieving
					or praying & hearing in darkness
					
					the old tree tossing & tossing & wild
					
																				the storm coming
				</p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
